as the war was still raging the Israeli
bombardment intensified our home was
flattened we were displaced to the UN
run Alora school but even this was not
spared it was constantly targeted and on
the last occasion many people including
my in-laws were
killed we were forced to go to another
school but there the sewage system
flooded so it was impossible for us to
stay it was also shelled several times
with many civilians getting killed no
place is safe in Gaza and we have
nowhere to
go we came to this deserted School
building because there is nowhere else
to go life must go on destruction is
everywhere in Gaza every piece of Gaza
is destroyed but we must find a way to
live we hope this nightmare comes to an
end my husband my little daughter and I
have come here to try and find a way to
[Music]
survive my daughter's childhood like
many others has been destroyed children
are living in fear they've even lost the
will to
play I'm going through these ruins
hoping I would find something a pan or a
spoon or even a toy for my child
not this destroyed school or any other
place in Gaza is fit for living
anymore look at us here it is true that
this place is destroyed the cold weather
will kill us outside but we must endure
all these ruins and filth we're trying
to take refuge from the Israeli
bombardment we are tired and I fear for
my child